in spire MD is proud to present the M
garde a next-generation stent system M
guard is based on a stent which is
wrapped with an expandable fishnet style
micron level nits leave during stenting
emboli can be released into circulation
potentially leading to lower blush and
life-threatening complications in acute
MI patients know reflow and reduce
perfusion which are direct consequences
of embolic showers may translate into
myocardial injury and mortality M guard
is suitable for acute coronary syndrome
and particularly acute MI as the net
reduces Ambala zatia and enables
excellent myocardial blush and flow as
opposed to current stance M guard
diffuses the stent pressure and reduces
injury to the vessel thereby lowering
restenosis and late-loss without
exposing the patient to complications
associated with DES
the expandable micron level net is made
of a single knitted PE T fiber the net
is attached to the stent at the proximal
and distal side of the stand and expands
seamlessly during stent deployment the
net may also perform as an efficient
drug delivery platform as it provides a
more uniform and wider coverage of the
arterial wall
mm guard is deployed exactly like a
typical balloon expandable stand
deliverability and crossing profile
remain the same and dilatation pressure
is not affected the net reduces the risk
of plaque rupture and embolization
providing double protection during and
post procedure and guard promises to be
a breakthrough technology that deals
with a common nightmare of cardiologists
know reflow thrombosis and embolism in
addition it provides a promising
solution for reduced restenosis M Guard
has the C II mark and is indicated for
treating patients with coronary artery
disease M guard is recommended for use
in acute coronary syndrome
especially in acute MI SVG and arteries
with thrombus M guard carotid and
peripheral will follow soon leading
cardiologists around the world have had
clinical experience with the M guard and
are impressed with the positive clinical
results and data the M guard benefits
helped reduce the risk of repeat
intervention and to enhance the safety
of PCI procedure for your patient M
guard inspiring the way for safer and
smarter stent a